+++
date = 2020-12-13T17:33:55Z
edito = "Welcome to the new issue of **Le Point Q**!\n\nA little gem that lets you dive into the world of sex and demystifies the unknown called \"pleasure\". Every Monday, we debunk fake news and talk about sexual health, erotic culture and queer sexuality. We exchange on the new ways of having sex in 2021.\n\nFirst, we would like to thank our incredible community that keeps growing! We are now more than 1200 on Instagram! And congratulations to our subscriber Florine, who won the contest Le Point Q ✕ Le Son du Désir, by sharing the newsletter with her friends. She won a one-month subscription to this feminist erotic podcast! For more gifts, be like Florine!\n\nIn this latest issue of our newsletter, we want to talk about pictures and videos sent to your soulmate to stimulate their sexual desire: NUDES! According to our Instagram survey conducted this week, 67% of you have already exchanged nudes with a smartphone or a computer camera—a rate that was certainly boosted by lockdowns. But no worries, tomorrow lockdown is finally over during daytime (until 8pm).\n\nUnfortunately, lockdown has also led to the growth of revenge porn, this practice coming from the United States that consists of spreading explicit sexual content of a person on the Internet without their consent, often to get revenge. In March 2020, dozens of accounts emerged in France, posting naked pictures of middle and high school girls on Snapchat and Telegram. The psychological consequences are disastrous: one of them committed suicide in Le Havre on April 1st.\n\nAt Le Point Q, we have decided to follow two founding principles: pleasure and prevention. **Orianne gathered your experiences, your desires and your best anecdotes! Thaïs takes us to South Korea**, where women take to the streets shouting: _\"My life is not your porn\"_. Their goal? Denouncing “_molka”_, i.e. filming a woman without her knowledge and consent while she is in a fitting room, or when she is having a sexual encounter. In the debunking section, **Tom, our digital specialist, investigates the following topic: \"When I send a nude, is my partner the only one seeing it?\"** To conclude, **Juliette tackles revenge porn in France** and gives you some advice.\n\nMorgan, our cartoonist, will make you laugh with a few strokes of his pencil like every week! And thank you to Camille, our graphic designer, who made the following illustration. To admire their work on Instagram, follow [@morgan.comicstrip](https://instagram.com/morgan.comicstrip) and [@camillejoblin](https://instagram.com/camillejoblin).\n\nWe wish you a great Monday, take care of yourself and your photos,\n\nLe Point Q Team."
la_bonne_nouvelle = "articles/en/revenge-porn-in-france-how-can-i-face-it.md"
lang = "en"
numero = 12
on_debunke = "articles/en/when-i-send-nudes-only-my-partner-can-see-them.md"
outro = "Well that’s all folks, what did you think of this issue on nude pictures? We’ll be doing more, more specialized ones on sex tapes, OnlyFans, or even virtual reality pleasure... If you have any ideas or remarks, let us know on [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/lepointq.news), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/lepoint.q/) (where we are most active) or by email: [contact@lepointq.com](mailto:contact@lepointq.com).\n\nIf you’re a newcomer, you can find all our old content on our website, like for example this story by Orianne on [the favorite sex position in France](https://lepointq.com/articles/20-10/la-levrette-la-position-preferee-des-francais.e.s/) (bet before clicking). Finally, share the fun and tell your friends about us!\n\nHave a good week, and don’t forget to make your loved ones happy for Christmas,\n\nJuliette, Orianne, Tom and Thaïs aka Le Point Q."
plume_morgan = "/media/uploads/strip-morgan-nudes.jpg"
preview = "In this latest issue of our newsletter, we want to talk about pictures and videos sent to your soulmate to stimulate their sexual desire: NUDES! "
temoignages = "articles/en/nudes-desire-2.0.md"
title = "Send Nudes?"
vu_d_ailleurs = "articles/en/my-life-is-not-your-porn-in-south-korea.md"

+++
