+++
authors = ["Thaïs"]
date = 2020-12-14T06:50:58Z
image = "/media/uploads/maru-lombardo-72gw8gwp_ve-unsplash.jpg"
lang = "en"
preview = "Hear that loud and rather annoying noise from your smartphone's camera shutter? In South Korea, it is impossible to deactivate it: it has been forbidden since 2003, in particular to prevent taking pictures of women in secret, in the street or in their privacy."
section = "Témoignages"
text = "Hear that loud and rather annoying noise from your smartphone's camera shutter? In South Korea, it is impossible to deactivate it: it has been forbidden since 2003, in particular to prevent taking pictures of women in secret, in the street or in their privacy.\n\nHowever, dozens of advanced hidden cameras are available in the country: set up behind the mirrors of fitting rooms, in the doors of toilets or even embedded in glasses or in pens placed on desks... Intimate images of everyday life are stolen by thousands and then sold online.\n\nThese pictures spread across private chat rooms and specialized pornographic sites, without the knowledge of the people who appear on it. The majority of the images circulating on the Internet depict women. Nearly 18 intimate images are stolen every day in South Korea.\n\nThis practice is so widespread that it got a name: _\"molka\"_. But these stolen images are not the only ones that participate in the dark landscape of South Korean digital voyeurism. Sex tapes, nudes... Some people do not hesitate to leak pictures of their girlfriend, and even more often, their ex.\n\nThe prospect of being a victim of revenge porn hovers over break-ups, to the point that women are afraid to break up with their partner, for fear that he is going to make photos and videos public (taken with their consent or via hidden cameras).\n\nAmong the chatrooms, one counts several world-famous K-pop singers who exchanged stolen images of women with whom they had sex. The case came to light in 2018, in a scandal known as \"Burning Sun,\" which is difficult to summarize because it was marked by multiple twists over the course of a year, right in the middle of the #MeToo wave in South Korea (if you want more details, [this article from Billboard](https://www.billboard.com/articles/columns/k-town/8503818/burning-sun-scandal-timeline-seungri-jung-joon-young) sums it up nicely).\n\nThe case has been extensively written about and has put the issue of _molka_ at the heart of the public debate. It has become, with revenge porn, the main issue of feminist struggles in South Korea. Associations struggle to close down all complicit websites. In 2016 however, they succeeded in closing _Sora.net_, a 17-year-old illegal site with a million users, which used to share thousands of intimate videos and stolen nudes.\n\nLegally, people convicted of _molka_ had to face sentences of up to five years in prison, but in reality, very few are convicted (only 2% in 2017). Furthermore, [according to the _Korean Times_](https://www.koreatimes.co.kr/www/nation/2018/08/251_253883.html), there is a gray area in the Korean law that only refers to photos taken \"against the person's will,\" and allows someone who disseminates nudes of his or her spouse to get away without prosecution (which is not the case in France).\n\nIn 2018, 70,000 women took to the streets of Seoul and shouted, _\"My life is not your porn\"_. During this demonstration, the largest feminist gathering in the country, they issued a clear demand: stronger legislation to regulate this \"digital sexual violence\".\n\nSince then, in Seoul, groups of women \"inspectors\" are in charge of uncovering cameras in nearly 20,000 toilets in the capital. A cell dedicated to fighting the non-consensual dissemination of intimate images and providing legal and psychological assistance to victims is also funded by the government. According to a 2019 study by the Korea Women's Development Institute, 45.6% of women who have been victims of _molka_ have had suicidal thoughts... in a country where it is the leading cause of death among young people."
themes = ["consentement", "porno", "asie"]
title = "\"My life is not your porn\": South Korea's war against digital voyeurism"
veracity = "Faux"

+++
