+++
authors = ["Orianne"]
date = 2020-12-13T10:12:04Z
image = "/media/uploads/illu_nude.jpg"
lang = "en"
preview = "\"I love to send nudes, I must admit it, I like to show myself off, to know that I attract men and to get their compliments in return.\""
section = "Témoignages"
text = "**Eva—37 years old, in a relationship, straight (and also attracted to women)**\n\n\"I love to send nudes, I must admit it, I like to show myself off, to know that I attract men and to get their compliments in return. I’m not looking for a date to get laid though... I just want to be desired while remaining unreachable, like a star. That may sound pretentious, I don’t know. In real life, I’m very shy and not very proud of my physical appearance (I blush at the slightest compliment or when a man shows me interest). I think that smartphones and social media allow me to reduce this social distance between men and myself in real life. Having an account only to reveal my body is a very satisfying playground for me.\"\n\n**Charles—24 years old, single, straight**\n\n\"I used to send nudes to one of my exes, too. We had a Facebook group conversation on which she was too. One day, I sent her a picture, thinking it was to her... but it was my work chat. This was when you couldn’t delete messages. I saw the message being sent and I thought... oh shit. I was pretty uncomfortable, but it was funny. And they used it as the thumbnail picture of the conversation for three months. Every time I took it down, they put it back up.\"\n\n**Pauline—24 years old, in a relationship**\n\n\"The first time I sent nudes, it was to my sex friend... But I was using a messaging service where messages are deleted (even if screenshots were possible). Today, I couldn’t tell if they are still on his phone, on the world wide web or just in his memory... But it was just too good. Maybe my favorite part of the relationship. I gained self-esteem and self-confidence, I felt sexy. I don’t think these nudes could ever become public, but if they did I don’t think I’d care, I’d assume it and just put the guy to shame.\"\n\n**Julien—25 years old, in a relationship, gay**\n\n\"On Grindr (gay app), I’ve received countless dick pics from complete strangers, each one uglier than the others. Even when I was only registered on Grindr as a sub, without any picture or anything. I really wondered who had the strange idea to send such horrors. Very often, nothing is right: the phallus that makes our sender so proud is not appetizing at all, the pose is horrible, the framing is completely wrong (and distorts the holy phallus to make it look pharaonic or just even less beautiful), and a messy bedroom can be glimpsed in the background, which makes me want to run from it even more... All this, straight away, without having asked for anything. As if it would convince me to answer. Of course, I skip it without a doubt! But that doesn’t prevent me from sending pictures myself, of course! In this case, it’s consensual (and better done I hope!)\""
themes = ["nudes ", "plaisir ", "séduction"]
title = "Nudes: Desire 2.0"
veracity = "Faux"

+++
